Initial version (#1)
SettleAPI/settle-oauth-gcp: docs/Connecting_to_Settle.md

> In this scenario, the `Client Service` is your service and the `API Server`

Reviewer: Nit: Most of these `code` spans, the ones introducing English technical terms rather than quoting software code/configuration/etc., should be _italics_ instead, to follow typical documentation conventions.

You will thus need to create two service accounts, one for each environment.
While you could have both service accounts in a single GCP project:

```yaml
projects:
- global:
    users: [admins@example.com]
    service_accounts: [example-service-prod, example-service-demo]
```

we recommend you create one project with one service account for each environment:

```yaml
projects:
- production:
    users: [admins@example.com]
    service_accounts: [example-service]
- sandbox:
    users: [admins@example.com, devs@example.com]
    service_accounts: [example-service]
```

The recommended approach will allow you to provide easy sandbox access to devs
while keeping the production side admin-only.

!!! WARNING
    When generating the key for the productions service account, you are
    responsible to secure it, as it will provide access to Settle production APIs.

See the GCP docs for service accounts
[here](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts).

To create a project, a service account and its key, use the script below in
Linux or the [GCP console](https://cloud.google.com/shell).

```shell

> PROJECT_UUID=$(uuidgen | sed 's/-//g')
> # project names are unique across GCP, must be between 6 and 30 characters,
> #  and may contain only digits, lowercase letters and dashes
> PROJECT_ID=${PROJECT_UUID:1:30}

Reviewer: :joy: Love it, but maybe we shouldn't encourage integrators to use UUIDs as project ids.
```suggestion
# project names are unique across GCP, must be between 6 and 30 characters,
#  and may contain only digits, lowercase letters and dashes
PROJECT_ID="your_company_name-your_project_name-sandbox"
```

Author: I decided to leave a more detailed explanation and use `read` in the code.

SA_NAME="test-service"
gcloud projects create "${PROJECT_ID}"
gcloud iam service-accounts create "${SA_NAME}" --project "${PROJECT_ID}"

# generate service account credentials locally
PATH_TO_SA_PRIVATE_KEY="./sa-private-key.json"
SA_EMAIL="${SA_NAME}@${PROJECT_ID}.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create "${PATH_TO_SA_PRIVATE_KEY}" \
  --iam-account="${SA_EMAIL}"
```

You may also use the [GCP console](https://console.cloud.google.com/) graphical interface.

!!! TODO
    Create point and click guide for graphical interface.

### Sample client implementation in Python

!!! TODO
    Description

```python
--8<-- "samples/python/client_side.py"

> ```

Reviewer: Should also mention how the token is used. Presumably it's going into a `Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>` header?

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

In this scenario, the *Client Service* is your service and the *API Server*
is the Settle API server.

To access a Settle endpoint, your service needs a *service account key*
and an *audience*, which is the URL of the Settle API server endpoint.

> After creating a *service account email* in GCP, you can obtain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a *service account* in GCP, you can obtain
```
